now while Ezreal was praying and while
he was confessing weeping and bowing
down before the house of God a very
large assembly of men women and children
gathered to him from Israel for the
people wept very bitterly and Chicana
the son of Jehiel one of the sons of
Elam spoke up and said to Ezra
we have trespassed against our God and
have taken pagan wives from the peoples
of the land yet now there is hope in
Israel in spite of this now therefore
let us make a covenant with our God to
put away all these wives and those who
have been born to them according to the
advice of my master and of those who
tremble at the commandment of our God
and let it be done according to the law
arise for this matter is your
responsibility we also are with you be
of good courage and do it then Ezra
arose and made the leaders of the
priests the Levites and all Israel swear
an oath that they would do according to
this word so they swore an oath
then Ezra rose up from before the house
of God and went into the chamber of gia
Haven the son of Elijah and when he came
there he ate no bread and drank no water
for he mourned because of the guilt of
those from the captivity and they issued
a proclamation throughout Judah and
Jerusalem to all the descendents of the
captivity that they must gather at
Jerusalem and that whoever would not
come within three days according to the
instructions of the leaders and elders
all his property would be confiscated
and he himself would be separated from
the Assembly of those from the captivity
so all the men of Judah and Benjamin
gathered at Jerusalem within three days
it was the ninth month on the 20th of
the month and all the people sat in the
open square of the house of God
trembling because of this matter because
of heavy rain then Ezra the priest stood
up and said to them you have
transgressed and have taken pagan wives
adding to the guilt of Israel now
therefore make confession to the Lord
God of your father's and do his will
separate yourselves from the peoples of
the land and from the pagan wives and
all the Assembly answered and said with
a loud voice yes as you have said so we
must do but there are many people it is
the season for heavy rain and we are not
able to stand outside nor is this the
work of one or two days for there are
many of us who have transgressed in this
matter please let the leaders of our
entire assembly
stand and let all those in our cities
who have pagan pagan wives come at
appointed times together with the elders
and judges of their cities until the
fierce wrath of our God is turned away
from us in this matter
only Jonathan the son of a Sahel and J
huzzah the son of tikva opposed this and
Michelle Amanda buffet the Levite gave
them support then the descendants of the
captivity did so and Ezra the priest
with certain heads of the father's
households were set apart by the
father's households each of them by name
and they sat down on the first day of
the tenth month to examine the matter by
the first day of the first month they
finished questioning all the men who had
taken pagan wives and among the sons of
the priests who had taken pagan wives
the following were found of the sons of
Jess or the son of josedech and his
brothers may Asiya Eleazar J rib and get
a lie and they gave their promise that
they would put away their wives and
being guilty they presented a ram of the
flock as their chests are suffering also
of the sons of Emma Hanina and zebediah
of the sons of Aaron mayor SIA Elijah
Shania
Jehiel and Isaiah of the sons of pascha
lue night mayor SIA Ishmael
Nathanael jazz Abad and Ella sir also of
the Levites
Jazza Burt Chimay I kill aya the same as
colita pepper hyah
Judah and ELISA also of the singers
Elijah and of the gatekeepers challenge
Tellem and urine and others of Israel of
the sons of Parrish raamaiah
Josiah mal kaya midge Amin Eliezer mal
Qaeda and bin Nayar of the sons of Elam
mattaniah Zechariah Jehiel
Abdi Jeremiah and a liar of the sons of
Zetas lue 9 Elijah
mattaniah Jeremiah say bad and as either
of the sons of B by G her hainan
Hananiah Z by and a file of the sons of
Boehner
moschella Mellon a dad Jason she'll and
ring of the sons of pay half mad Edna
Kela binaya
mayor SIA mattaniah Bezalel Pina and
Manasseh of the sons of Hiram Eleazar
fish idea al Qaeda Sameach Simeon
Benjamin Malik and shimmer eye of the
sons of Haitian Matt and I Matata say
bird deliver let Jeremy Manasseh and
shamea of the sons of pain may die Imran
UL binaya padilla Keller
Marama a liar ship mattaniah matt and i
JSI bein I pin you I shimmy I shall
Amaya Nathan
adaiah Mac Madiba che che che rye as RL
chalamaiah Shamar aya Shalem a Mariah
and Joseph of the sons of neva Jil
mattifier
Z bird subpoena Jedi jor-el and binaya
all these had taken pagan wives and some
of them had wives by whom they had
children
[Music]